Wikis are enabled by wiki software, otherwise known as wiki engines. A wiki engine, being a form of a content management system, differs from other web-based systems such as blog software, in that the content is created without any defined owner or leader, and wikis have little inherent structure, allowing structure to emerge according to the needs of the users.[1] Wiki engines usually allow content to be written using a simplified markup language and sometimes edited with the help of a rich-text editor.[2] There are dozens of different wiki engines in use, both standalone and part of other software, such as bug tracking systems. Some wiki engines are open source, whereas others are proprietary. Some permit control over different functions (levels of access); for example, editing rights may permit changing, adding, or removing material. Others may permit access without enforcing access control. Other rules may be imposed to organize content.
A wiki enables communities of editors and contributors to write documents collaboratively. All that people require to contribute is a computer, Internet access, a web browser, and a basic understanding of a simple markup language (e.g., MediaWiki markup language). A single page in a wiki website is referred to as a "wiki page", while the entire collection of pages, which are usually well-interconnected by hyperlinks, is "the wiki". A wiki is essentially a database for creating, browsing, and searching through information.
Once we have our development environment configured we can implement our actual Keras deep learning REST API using the Flask web framework. After implementing, we’ll start the Redis and Flask servers, follow by submitting inference requests to our deep learning API endpoint using both cURL and Python.
When I was first introduced to Long Short-Term Memory networks (LSTMs), it was hard to look past their complexity. I didn’t understand why they were designed the way they were designed, just that they worked. It turns out that LSTMs can be understood, and that, despite their superficial complexity, LSTMs are actually based on a couple incredibly simple, even beautiful, insights into neural networks. This post is what I wish I had when first learning about recurrent neural networks (RNNs).